Wrapping Up
In this course we have taken a journey
through many tunnels and shells.
We started with only a hostname and
basic information about the target.
We used our penetration testing skills to
obtain access to a Wordpress webserver
that later allowed us to
compromise a database.
The database gave us a foothold
into the internal network
where we were able to obtain
access to a user’s workstation.
We escalated privileges on
the user’s workstation
and obtained information
about the domain.
We then used our internal access
to gain a foothold on a
Jenkins development server.
Once we escalated our
privileges on the Jenkins server,
we found that a domain
administrator was also logged in.
Finally, we impersonated
the domain administrator
to log in to the domain controller.
During this journey, we learned
about the importance of enumeration,
the real-world difficulties of
tunneling, and many other
valuable lessons that apply
to real-world penetration tests.